PROTEAN

••••• Body of Spirit
Most vampires who can use this power or have seen it in use believe that the character who invokes it, turning himself into mist, is abandoning his humanoid form for one composed entirely of spiritstuff. This impression is consistent whether the Cainite is christian or pagan. The mist body the character wears is seen as the truest expression of his innermost nature. However, the mist is physical rather then some kind of ghostly spirit form. The character's perceptions expand through the mist, and every gust of wind ripples through his being. His vision is focused on the center of the mist ((that is where his eyes seem to be, to him)), but with brief concentration, he can see or hear from any part of his mist form.
The character becomes a small cloud of mist, perhaps four feet in diameter. He can move about at the equivalent of his walking pace. He can fit anywhere that a misty cloud might go, and she can pass through most cloth, up a chimney or through a crack under a door. As a cloud of mist, the character is less vulnerable to the depredations of the sun, though it still burn him. Even the strongest winds cannot disperse his form. They can and do push him around, however, if he cannot find a barrier behind which to hide.

System: The player spends one blood point, and the character takes three turns to transform his body into mist. As with Form of the Beast, the player may spend three blood points to have the vampire transform in a single turn. To resist the buffeting effects of strong wind, the player rolls Potence ((not the characters natural Strength)), with a difficulty ranging from 6 ((mild breeze)) to 10 ((gale-force winds)). Each turn, he may have to roll again to have the character move against the direction in which the wind pushes him. On a calm night, the mist may move about at the character's regular walking or jogging speed.
Sunlight and fire do burn the vampire in mist form, but they cause one less level of damage and it's much easier to find shelter in mist form. The character's perceptions are normal except as described, and sufficiently stimulating experiences can lead her into Frenzy and Rotschreck. The character is ammune to normal physical attack ((except for fire and sunlight)), and he cannot affect anything physical in the world about him while he is in mist form. He can use Disciplines that do not require a physical component, however.