CHIMERSTRY

Chimerstry is an art of conjuration; the vampire may draw upon her inner reserves to bring phantoms to life. These false images can confound mortal senses and sensory equipment alike. If the Cainite's power is strong enough, illusions created by Chimerstry may even baffle the heightened senses of the vampire. The Ravnos are fond of using this power to seduce, swindle or enslave mortals, effectively purchasing their victims' souls in exchange for a sack of bouillon that isn't there. Illusions created by Chimerstry may be detected by Auspex. They may also be seen for what they are by a victim who "proves" the illusion's falsehood (e.g., a person who walks up to an illusory wall, expresses his disbelief in it, and puts his hand through it effectively banishes the illusion).
Bear the following in mind: Chimerstry is not Obfuscate.
Chimerstry can't make anything "invisible." Unlike Obfuscate, Chimerstry does affect cameras, motion detectors and other technological sensing devices (but it won't trigger tripwires or pressure plates). Chimerstry derives from the Ravnos' ability to visualize an image and bring it to life and doesn't rely so much on the human mind's tendency to fill in the blanks, at least not to the extent that Obfuscate does.

Disbelief
This is a tough one — just because a character knows that a Ravnos can create illusions is not sufficient reason to disbelieve everything a Ravnos does. If the Ravnos draws a kris from her purse, it very well could be a real kris. Belief is not like a water faucet. Characters can't simply turn it on or off at will. On the other hand, a completely implausible illusion won't convince anyone. Either way, the fact that someone has a good reason to disbelieve a Ravnos' Chimerstry-created images does not mean those images will vanish. The false nature of such images is obvious to any who can penetrate the illusion, but the illusion will remain until it would otherwise disappear.
Chimerstry can cover as much area as the Storyteller deems reasonable. If a Ravnos wants to conjure an image of an ancient, tentacled deity rising from the ocean, he can. The illusion probably won't convince anyone, but there's no reason the image will fail to appear.

Horrid Reality vs. high Auspex
and Chimerstry work against each other in the same manner as Auspex vs. Obfuscate(see Vampire: The Masquerade, p. 152). If a Ravnos inflicts Horrid Reality against another Kindred who has Auspex at level five, the interaction occurs as described in the core rules. If the victim has more Auspex than the Ravnos has Chimerstry, the power fails automatically. Harsh luck.

Chimerstry is vampiric
Some people have strict definitions of what fits into traditional vampire tales. Their views may be as narrow as what Stoker's Dracula could do, or perhaps as broad as whatever appeared in European legends. Either way, strict definitions imply that a body of legend is obliged to stop growing at some point and never add anything new. This is not necessary or required. Anyone who's seen Lost Boys probably recalls the sequence with the rice disguised momentarily as maggots. This is a good example of Chimerstry in a vampire story — a very recent story, certainly, but how does a story's age invalidate it? Indeed, Chimerstry is a fine way to evoke psychological horror.
It's not that Chimerstry is somehow "not vampiric," but rather that it's rarely used in a manner that supports the themes running through Vampire. How can a Storyteller maintain a game of "personal horror" when the Ravnos conjures up stock-fantasy tropes or near-comical absurdities? In the hands of a clever Kindred, Chimerstry is a potent tool — it can be used to cover or prevent Masquerade breaches, to add subtle touches to a scene, to drive mortals (or other Kindred) to their mental limits and the like. It works best when its use isn't obvious. Use Chimerstry to reinforce the mood rather than break it.
