AUSPEX

As the supreme hunters of the night, Cainites have senses that are unmatched by any mortal - many Cainites can smell an uninjured human's blood from yards away. Members of several clans - the Toreador, Cappadocians, Malkavians, Tzimisce, Salubri, and Tremere - have refined those senses to the point that their own senses outstrip Cainites' abilities to the same degree that Cainites' outstrip mortals'. Many vampires with high levels of Auspex cease to perceive events in the same way that mortals do. What a farmer's wife may think of a foul stench, a Cainite's nose breaks down into its component scents, identifying the source of the odor, its distance and its age.
Such vampires stop making value judgments about strong odors, harsh sounds or strange sights, instead taking such vistas in and considering their components individually. Vampires of such refined sensibilities are apt to lose themselves as they take in the physical world; bright lights can sometimes stun them as they consider the darkness, or harsh sounds as they examine a faint cry. Gatherings of Cainites whose members include those skilled with Auspex soon learn that secrecy is extremely difficult to maintain; a whispered conversation is audible across a courtyard to a vampire with high levels of Auspex. In fact, some elders take advantage of this trait and carry on public conversations from opposite sides of cathedrals while barely speaking loudly enough to be heard by mortals sitting next to them. Characters who wish to keep secrets in a group of such Cainites must resort to pasing notes back and forth or finding a private chamber in which to speak.
Auspex is said to be part of God's curse on Caine because it encourages vampires to obsess on minutiae. Rather than witnessing God's plan for creation - or another Cainite's plan for the future - the high-Auspex vampire occupies his time by dwelling on insignificant details. However, rare is the Cainite who cannot take advantage of Auspex in some fashion.
.....
Seeing the Unseen: Auspex enables Kindred to perceive many things beyond mortal ken. Among its many uses, Auspex can detect the presence of a supernatural being who is hidden from normal sight (a vampire using Obfuscate, a mage cloaked with invisibility, a wraith) or pierce illusions created by the Discipline of Chimerstry.
Obfuscate: When a vampire tries to use her heightened perceptions to notice a Kindred hidden with Obfuscate, she detects the subject's presence if her Auspex rating is higher than his Obfuscate. Conversely, if the target's Obfuscate outranks her Auspex, he remains undiscovered. If the two scores are equal, both characters make a resisted roll of Perception + Subterfuge (Auspex user) against Manipulation + Subterfuge (Obfuscate user). The difficulty for both rolls is 7, and the character with the most successes wins.
Chimerstry: Likewise, vampires with Auspex may seek to penetrate illusions created with Chimerstry. The Auspex-wielder must actively seek to pierce the illusion (i.e., the player must tell the Storyteller that his character is trying to detect an illusion). Auspex-wielder and Chimerstry-wielder then compare relative scores, per Obfuscate, above. The process is otherwise identical to piercing Obfuscate.
Other Powers: Since the powers of beings like mages and wraiths function differently from vampiric Disciplines, a simple comparison of relative ratings isn't applicable. To keep things simple, both characters make a resisted roll. The vampire rolls Perception + Subterfuge, while the subject rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge. Again, the difficulty is 7, and the character with the most successes wins.