CELERITY

Celerity is one of three core physical Disciplines that are common to most Cainites. Even those clans whose members don't actively favor Celerity (that is, who are not the Brujah, Toreador, and Assamites) find the power just too useful to do without. Celerity enables a Vampire to accelerate his reaction time up to speeds that the mortal eye can barely follow, letting him move more quickly or fell half a dozen foes in a few heartbeats. Some Toreador use Celerity to enhance their ability to perform physical arts such as dance; Assamites, Brujah, and most other clans use it to swiftly end fights, either by fleeing or by brutally dropping foes before they can react.

System: Vampires with Celerity can use the Discipline to take multiple actions in a turn without the normal penalties to their dice pools. These actions can include movement, enabling the Celerity-user to sprint at unheard-of speeds.
Each point of Celerity allows up to one extra action, and the vampire may se his entire dice pool for each additional action he takes. The character must spend one blood point per extra action taken per turn, and she may spend blood points beyond her normal generation maximum. For instance, an 11th Generation Brujah with Celerity 3 may spend three blood points per turn to gain three extra full-dice actions. The blood points must be spent at the beginning of the turn, and they cannot be mixed with any other blood expenditure.
Additionally, the actions provided by Celerity cannot be further divided into multiple action - the character may use her base action for multiple action as much as she likes, but each action granted by Celerity is "indivisible." Also, Celerity-granted actions must involve physical action. The Discipline does not allow vampires to translate a text or perform a Thaumaturgy ritual more rapidly.
Extra actions granted by Celerity do not take place until after each character has taken one ordinary action, so that everyone gets to act once before anyone acts twice. Everyone who is able to act twice does so before anyone takes a third action, and so on. The only exception to this rule is using Celerity to provide for emergency defense: A character may use a Celerity action to dodge or block even if he's already taken an action, for instance.
These extra actions may be taken to provide extra movement, allowing a character to move across a battlefield, room, or sunlit field very quickly. Each action can provide a full turn's movement.